### Conversion of Python Source Code into Executable Code

#### Step 1: Writing Python Code
- The process begins with writing Python source code in a code editor.
- Python source code consists of instructions and logic written by the programmer.

#### Step 2: Saving as .py File
- Once the code is written, it is saved as a `.py` file on the system.
- The `.py` extension indicates that the file contains Python source code.

#### Step 3: Compilation to Bytecode
- In the compilation stage, the Python compiler reads the `.py` file and converts the source code into bytecode.
- During this stage, the compiler also checks for syntax errors and generates a `.pyc` file, which contains the bytecode.

#### Step 4: Interpretation by Python Virtual Machine (PVM)
- The bytecode, stored in the `.pyc` file, is then passed to the Python Virtual Machine (PVM), also known as the Python interpreter.
- The PVM reads the bytecode and executes it line by line.
- If any errors occur during interpretation, the process halts, and an error message is displayed.

#### Step 5: Conversion to Machine Code
- Within the PVM, the bytecode is further processed to generate machine-executable code.
- This process involves converting the bytecode into machine code, which consists of binary language (0s and 1s).
- The machine code is optimized for execution by the CPU of the system.

#### Step 6: Execution by CPU
- In the final step, the CPU executes the machine code generated by the PVM.
- The CPU interprets the binary instructions and performs the operations specified in the Python source code.
- The final output of the program is produced based on the executed instructions.

#### Conclusion
- The conversion of Python source code into executable code involves several stages, including compilation to bytecode, interpretation by the Python Virtual Machine, and conversion to machine code.
- Understanding this process helps in optimizing Python code and improving overall performance.




##### Mutable and Immutable

- reference in memory



## dataTypes

Numbers : 123, 4.14, 3_4j, 0b111, Decimal(), fraction()

String: 'span', "Bob's", 

list: mylist = [1,2,3,3,[43,43]]

tuple: mytuple = (3,4,2,4,5,(54,54))

dictionaries: mydict = {'food':'span', 'taste':'yum'}, dict(hours=10)

sets: set('abc), {'a','b','c'}

file: 